Is this it?
Uncle, that's right
Young master, what a meeting this time!
Gathered the upper flow of the southern province
Your every move?
But it's in the spotlight.
This is my first time to come to such a big factory.
You put so much pressure on me
This banquet?
It was co-founded by me and Nie Yuanwu, the richest man in Tianhai
Oh, by the way, I heard that the daughter of the next family will also cause
I guess it's for us
There's still words.
Soon you will know
Except this is not from Wanjia?
It seems that the person next to him
It should be Master Wanda of Wanjia
Uncle
I guess you're right.
So many people came
That's right, today's Wanshang Conference is in the spotlight
I've gone down perfect
You are also ready
Later, I have to go in before I go on stage
Fortunately, prepare for the bank port
Yo
Isn't this Wan Jiaqi who eats soft rice? It's you again